Hi friends, I'm going to read to you
from my friend Talia Wolf's new book,
Emotional Targeting.
The goal of emotional targeting research
is to create a customer compass, a
highlevel strategic slide deck that
guides your optimization efforts. This
compass is a detailed profile of who
your customer is emotionally and
psychologically. That's something Spark
Toro can't help with. No other kind of
audience research can. only what she's
talking about here. It captures your
ICP's true intent, needs, and the
roadblocks that prevent them from
converting.
This book is so good,
I bought three copies in case I want to
read it more than once. You should go
out and do the